Copy within is another good method and it's pretty similar to the fill method that we have available
in Essex.
I mean I copy this array down here but it's different in that instead of just passing it a value that
we want to fill or our RE with what copy within is going to do is take items from within the array itself
and use it to override other values within the array.
So what we'll do is we'll take and we'll counseled or log numbers like so and then we're going to copy
this and we're going to do it down here as well.
And they're going to show you how this works so what we'll do is we'll take numbers and we'll do copy
within.
Right.
So there's three different arguments that you can specify in here are two of them are necessary.
The first is where to start pasting.
The second is where to start copying.
OK.
So in other words what it means is let's say I want to start overriding values at 67 right.
So in that case I would need to specify to the star of pasting and then where I want to start copying.
In this case I might specify zero like so then if I save this you'll see that now my array goes from
23:45 67 89 to 23:45 23:45.
So what I told javascript to do inside of this method is start copying values.
At this point right here just start copying them and then paste over the values starting at the second
and so starting at index 2 right here where 67 is not going to change this to 1 2 3 4.
So I have to say such long numbers but you can see it has the same effect right here.
Now you can also specify a third argument which is where to stop copying essentially.
So by doing this what I could do is tell it to stop copying at index 1 and you see that in this case
it leaves this value completely untouched.
This final index the reason for that is because I told it to start copying at index zero and stop copying
at index 1 right here.
So in other words it's only going to take the number one right here and copy that and then it's going
to start pasting right here.
But it only has one item that it can paste in because it only copied one item so it's just going to
copy three.
I mean paste over three right here and leave the number for right here the third indices completely
untouched.
Very similar to the fill method but in this case you're taking actual values from within your array
and using it to override other values within the array.